Hello, this is Haha Kizu Toy.
Today's toys are train squad
It will be aired in Korea this summer as a train force in July.
The toy is set with main robot TOKYO and Tokyu changer together.
Let's start with Takuo.
The Tokyu Changer will look at next time. As an item that transforms into Letscha
Rasha means train.
There are five rats, so if you connect them all, you will get a 1.2m long train.
Also, if you combine everything from Rasha No. 1 to No. 5
The main robot Tokuyo is completed.
Unlike the previous work,
It does not contain sound gimmick and led gimmick.
Instead, it is a toy that emphasizes interlocking play with weapon and transformation item.
An intuitive combination of transformation is an advantage.
It will be released in Korea after localization.
I already look forward to what name it will be.
Here's the explanation, and I'm going to open it.
Be careful when using a knife.